Release v0.25.0 (#342)
fluxcd/image-reflector-controller: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## 0.25.0

**Release date:** 2023-02-16

> This prerelease graduates the `ImageRepository` and `ImagePolicy` API to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This prerelease graduates the `ImageRepository` and `ImagePolicy` APIs to
```
maybe?

v1beta2.

### `image.toolkit.fluxcd.io/v1beta2`

After upgrading the controller to v0.25.0, please update the `ImageRepository`
and `ImagePolicy` **Custom Resources** in Git by replacing
`image.toolkit.fluxcd.io/v1beta1` with `image.toolkit.fluxcd.io/v1beta2` in all
YAML manifests.

### :warning: Breaking changes

The autologin flags (`--aws-autologin-for-ecr`, `--gcp-autologin-for-gcr` and
`--azure-autologin-for-acr`) have been deprecated to bring the Image API closer
to the Source API, where cloud provider contextual login is configured at object

> level with `.spec.provider`. Usage of these flag will result in an error log.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
level with `.spec.provider`. Usage of these flags will result in a logged error.
```

Please update all the `ImageRepository` manifests that require contextual login

> with the new field `.spec.provider` and the appropriate cloud provider value -
> `aws`, `gcp` or `azure`. Refer the

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
with the new field `.spec.provider` and the appropriate cloud provider value;
`aws`, `gcp`, or `azure`. Refer the
```
